Add clarification for the SaaS Data Space description (#1709)
magento/merchdocs: src/configuration/services/saas.md

|Field|[Scope]({% link configuration/scope.md %})|Description|
|--- |--- |--- |
|SaaS Project|Global|Name of the SaaS project that groups all of your SaaS data spaces. A _Create Project_ button appears if no SaaS projects exist.|

> |SaaS Data Space|Global|Lists the SaaS data spaces in the specified SaaS project. The number of SaaS Data Spaces that appears depends on your Commerce license:<br />Adobe Commerce - One production data space; two testing data spaces; If the API keys were generated in an account associated with an Adobe Commerce license and that account is the current one. <br />Magento Open Source - One production data space; no testing data spaces|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|SaaS Data Space|Global|Lists the SaaS data spaces in the specified SaaS project. The number of SaaS Data Spaces that appears depends on your [Commerce license]({% link system/saas.md}#apikey):<br />Adobe Commerce - One production data space; two testing data spaces;<br />Magento Open Source - One production data space; no testing data spaces|
```
